<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    <h:head>
        <title>TODO supply a title</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h:form id="myFormID">
            <b:modal id="amodal2" title="Modal Example" styleClass="modalPseudoClass2"
                     closable="false"  close-on-escape="false" backdrop="false">
                <p>Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the
                    countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts.
                    Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the
                    Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows
                    by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It
                    is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences
                    fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control
                    about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life. One day
                    however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum
                    decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox
                    advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad
                    Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little
                    Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her
                    initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she
                    reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last
                    view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the
                    headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the
                    Line Lane.
                </p>
                <f:facet name="footer">
                    <b:button value="Close" dismiss="modal" />
                    <b:button value="Ok" look="primary" dismiss="modal" />
                </f:facet>
            </b:modal>
        </h:form>
        <b:row>
            <b:column span="3">
                <b:button value="Trigger (JavaScript)" look="success" onclick="$('.modalPseudoClass2').modal()" size="lg"/>
            </b:column>
        </b:row>
    </h:body>
</html>
